[release] v6.0.0-beta.0 (#42898)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## v6.0.0-beta.0

<!-- generated comparing v6.0.0-alpha.14..next -->

_Jul 10, 2024_

A big thanks to the 11 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🎉 This is the first beta release of v6! A huge thanks to everyone who helped to make this happen! We're targeting the 1st of August for a stable release, and will use the next two months to polish v6, and ease the migration from v5. You can follow the [v6 stable milestone](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/milestone/42) for more details. We now encourage any new projects to start on v6.

Author: I copied this from the v5.0.0-beta.0 release. @DiegoAndai let me know if I should remove or update some info like the tentative date (it's completely made up).

> - 🚀 All planned breaking changes are completed.

Author: These bullet points are based in the ones from the v5.0.0-beta.0 release. @DiegoAndai let me know if I should remove or update some info like the tentative date (it's completely made up).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎉 This is the first v6 beta release! A huge thanks to everyone who helped to make this happen! The target date for a stable release is the 28th of July. The next month will be used to polish v6, and ease the migration from v5. You can follow the [v6 stable milestone](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/milestone/42) for more details.
- 🚀 All planned breaking changes are completed.
```

Author: Applied
